Michael: Fuck!
Holy shit are you kidding me?
Hit the little fucking shit bird!
Fucking god damn. Holy hell
Get off the bottom you little prick so I can murder you!
Oh god oh god oh GOD, shit on my ass! Shit on my excrement.
*Panicked whining*
No no no no no no! FUCK!
You fuckin' fuck!
I can't even get to the fucking bottom score on the highscore.
God DAMMIT! Run towards the fuckin' gas you assholes!
How did I- ?
How did that not kill him?
How did all that fucking poison not fucking kill him?!
There's like 9000 fuckin' mushrooms on my goddamn screen now.
He's in my fuckin' safe zone!
Jesus Christ! The whole fucking centipede is down here.
Oh my god oh my god NO! GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WAY!
Once that thing gets down here you are fucked.
There's nothing you can do 'cause you can't shoot bullets outta your asshole.
There is one fuckin' thing.
There is two fuckin' things.
There's two fuckin' things...
OH MY GOD THERE'S STILL TWO THINGS!
They're multiplying like little shitheads!
Mother fucker!
Shoot the fucking orange things!
It takes me an hour and a half to fuckin' shoot through the mushrooms to get to the goddamn thing!
You can only have one bullet on the fuckin' screen at a time
so if you shoot one up through an empty space and it doesn't hit anything
you are fucked.
The guys right in front of you will tear your goddamn head off.
Ohhh I'm gonna get fuckin' shit on here.
Get ready for some shit stew.
Servin' it up fresh!
*Punches desk* FUCK!
Ohhp!
I spilled my drink.
Gavin clean that up
.....
GAVIN CLEAN IT UP!
...
Gavin: *sheepishly* O-Ok Michael.
Michael: FUCKIN' SHIT!
I am getting progressively worse, holy crap.
These things move like schlongs
they're unpredictable.
I don't know which way they're gonna fuckin' bend
they're like curved dicks.
Fuckin'
shit!
He ran right through the fuckin' pesticide at the top!
Alright uhhhhh.
Stay over there. Stay over there
Stay over THERE!
Holy CRAP!
Hooly helll
Oh my god how did I make it out of that?
How the f-*grunts*!
*Groan*
Jesus Christ!
God!
Damn!
What the hell do you do there?
Is there-? Is There like a button I'm missing?
Can I shoot sideways? Or like backwards or something?
Or j- I'll just fucking fly right into that guy.
Why not?
FFFFUCKIN' WHORE!
I can't-
This is bullshit.
Mother fucker.
Mother.
Fucker.
Alright so that was EVOLVED default
lets try Throttle Monkey just for shits and giggles.
Oh yeah this is fuckin' fine.
This is- this is great.
How the hell am I supposed to play this?
Like, is this a fuckin' real thing?
Can people actually beat this fuckin' thing?
There's no fuckin' strategy for this.
It's just go ape shit with the analog stick and hope to Christ one of these things don't hit you
but they always fucking do.
There's one guy left.
You mother
fucker.
Hit the fuckin' thing come on!
And then I fuckin' shoot that
then that guy comes down
there's a spider
there's more guys
that guy fuckin' eats me
and then there's more guys
then the spider fuckin' eats me and I reset and I fuckin' start over again
and then there's more guys!
...
Nope! Fuckin' died that time too!
I-I think I  beat a lev- nope nevermind.
So the tactic for this is just stand in one spot
and just hold down the fuckin' button. I guess?
And just hope they run into it and if they don't you're totally fucked in the butthole.
Get him get him get him
get him
get him!
There was ONE GUY!
I'm just fuckin' the sticks!
Im just spinning them around!
How do you beat this?
Like how do you fucking beat this?
How does someone sit here and play THIS?
This is not fucking physically possible!
This is inhuman what is happening right now!
I can't even see what the fuck is happening
let alone avoid it and shoot the guys.
LOOK AT IT!
LOOK AT WHAT THE HELL IS ON MY SCREEN!
Get this last guy.
Get the last dude!
If you don't get the last guy there's like 900 more in like half a fuckin' second!
They fuck like rabbits and just roll out and fuck the shit out of your earholes!
Sometimes I don't even realize
like I've lost all 3 lives and started over
because I die so fucking fast
and the game just restarts.
*Controller hits the floor*
I-
The fucking spiders fucked me so many goddamn times
I think they probably laid about 40 thousand goddamn eggs inside my fuckin' brain.
Where is my battery?
...
Where's my controller?!
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE THE HELL IT IS
I THREW MY CONTROLLER AND I CAN'T FUCKIN' FIND IT!
It's gone.
I have the fuckin' battery.
I guess that's it!
I guess I'm done playing fucking Centipede
or Millipede or whatever
because all I have is a fucking BATTERY!